Waiter guidelines (#535)
stackitcloud/stackit-sdk-go: CONTRIBUTION.md

Inside `core` you can find several packages that are used by all service modules, such as `auth`, `config` and `wait`. Examples of usage of the SDK are located under the `examples` folder.

### Implementing a module waiter

For integration with other tools such as the [STACKIT Terraform Provider](https://github.com/stackitcloud/terraform-provider-stackit) and the [STACKIT CLI](https://github.com/stackitcloud/stackit-cli), there is the need to implement `waiters` for some SDK modules. Waiters are routines for resources that are created/updated/deleted asynchronously, which wait until the creation/update/deletion of the specified resource is completed. The waiters are located in a folder named `wait` inside each service folder.

Let's suppose you want to implement the waiters for the `Create`, `Update` and `Delete` operations of a resource `bar` of service `foo`:

> 1. You would start by creating a new folder `wait/` inside `services/foo/`, if it not exists yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You would start by creating a new folder `wait/` inside `services/foo/`, if it doesn't exist yet
```

	})
	handler.SetTimeout(30 * time.Minute)
	return handler
}

// DeleteBarWaitHandler will wait for Bar deletion
func DeleteBarWaitHandler(ctx context.Context, a APIClientInterface, BarId, projectId string) *wait.AsyncActionHandler[foo.GetBarResponse] {
	handler := wait.New(func() (waitFinished bool, response *foo.GetBarResponse, err error) {
		s, err := a.GetBarExecute(ctx, BarId, projectId)
		if err != nil {
			return false, nil, err
		}
		if s.Id == nil || s.Status == nil {
			return false, nil, fmt.Errorf("could not get Bar id or status from response for project %s and Bar %s", projectId, BarId)
		}
		if *s.Id == BarId && *s.Status == DeleteSuccess {
			return true, s, nil
		}
		if *s.Id == BarId && *s.Status == DeleteFail {
			return true, s, fmt.Errorf("delete failed for Bar with id %s", BarId)
		}
		return false, nil, nil
	})
	handler.SetTimeout(20 * time.Minute)
	return handler
}
```

#### Notes

- The states may vary from service to service
- The `id` and the `state` might not be present on the root level of the API response, this also varies from service to service. You must always match the resource `id` and the resource `state` to what is expected

> - The timeout values included above are just for reference, each resource takes different amounts of time to finish the create, update or delete operations

Reviewer 2: Maybe we could suggest a buffer to account for here e.g 15 minutes or so

- For some resources, after a successful delete operation the resource can't be found anymore, so a call to the `Get` method would result in an error. In those cases, the waiter can be implemented by calling the `List` method and check that the resource is not present, like in this example:

  ```go
  // DeleteBarWaitHandler will wait for Bar deletion
  func DeleteBarWaitHandler(ctx context.Context, a APIClientInterface, barId, projectId string) *wait.AsyncActionHandler[foo.ListBarsResponse] {
      handler := wait.New(func() (waitFinished bool, response *foo.ListBarsResponse, err error) {
          s, err := a.ListBarsExecute(ctx, barId, projectId)
          if err != nil {
              return false, nil, err
          }
          for i := range s {
              if *s[i].Id == barId {
                  return false, nil, nil
              }
          }
          return true, s, nil
      })
      handler.SetTimeout(10 * time.Minute)
      return handler
  }
  ```

> 

Author: I was thinking and we could actually replace those cases with a call to the `List` endpoint, not sure why we did it against the `404` error in the first place.

But for the guidelines I would not suggest that approach because it's much more error-prone

> 

Reviewer 2: Agreed, that approach isn't the greatest
